Remove docs that now live in our website (#881)
xataio/client-ts: cli/README.md

# Command Line Interface (CLI)

> Xata provides a CLI as a convenience for developers. It is intended to provide feature parity with Xata's [Web UI](https://xata.io/docs/getting-started) (User Interface) to enable developers to build applications at **rapid pace** with **as little friction as possible**.

Author: ```suggestion
Xata provides a CLI as a convenience for developers. It is intended to provide feature parity with Xata's [Web UI](https://xata.io/docs/getting-started/web-ui) (User Interface) to enable developers to build applications at **rapid pace** with **as little friction as possible**.
```

To authenticate globally, across your entire system, run `xata auth login`. This will give you two options:

> - **Create a new API Key**. This will open your browser and, when you're logged in to Xata, allow you to create a new [API key](https://xata.io/docs/concepts/api-keys) for use with the CLI.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Create a new API Key**. This will open your browser and, when you're logged in to Xata, allow you to create a new [API key](https://xata.io/docs/getting-started/api-keys) for use with the CLI.
```
